probably felt like quite a long night
for Anthony Costanzo the draft started
at 8 o'clock so from about 2 and a half
hours to get a phone call but that way
means he slipped all the way down to
protect Lake matter and fight for the
Indianapolis Colts which ain't too much
shabby to say the least
he is quite emotional about it as he is
now relieved and fired up yeah that
education will be tested in that up in
early May jury finally find out they're
not all funny brother Barry it's complex
yeah a triple at the same time we don't
run a lot of motions they don't do a lot
of ships the plays are calls at the line
maybe get change to play whether they
call three plays in the auto and come up
with a new play and you have to be on
bar because the protection get changed
at any time his quarterback has the
plate look at his hands any on any snap
to do whatever he wants to his education
not just gonna block guys play in this
offense will be tested Marshall anytime
a guy wins the Scanlon award over there
Boston College
with the 22nd pick in the 2011 he's
intelligent warrants we'll talk about
what I love the Senior Bowl they move
them all over he's a lot tackle the
played left bar he played right thorny
he played right there he didn't complain
a bit and he played well at each
position so I think he's a natural fit
let me think that he will be happy he's
only the second time of that stuff bill
Ponies use the first round draft choice
on an offensive line of the other Terry
Glenn thirds lady took the hometown